what have I done?
Morning:
⚫Had a chat with an intern from another company
⚫taught rosie and winnie about laser cutting
⚫chicky made curry and shared
⚫talked to a primary school teacher during lunch
Afternoon:
⚫finished laser cutting induction slides - recorded inkscape videos and completed slides

what have I learnt?
⚫It is really important to find passion and have the courage to follow it - he knows what he likes, but he didn't do it, because it is not a 'safe option'
⚫Rosie is really quite talent. She is just 13 but she really shows creativity and the carefulness of a craftman. Is it rare to see people with talents? Do I now have the ability to tell if someone has talents? To be honest, her having talents just means she had the right experience by chance. She started recording in a notebook since a young age - someone gifted her the book, and perhaps she formed this habit due to some other reason too.
⚫Not sure what the point of wearing mask is when everyone just share food and talk within a short distance... Next time I should just go away before things begin
⚫This primary school teacher is inexperienced in being a maker and yet he needs to invent a whole curriculum... Is 'maker' really getting its share in traditional education???? Is this a trend?

⚫Finished the laser cutting slides - it was time consuming and tiring and boring (kinda), but it is satisfying to get it done. I haven't really learnt new things in the process, but it has consolidated my understanding. Also I am much more familiar with laser cutting. I guess this will help when I make my friction arm. 
⚫Design really is inter-related. I had the tensegrity project a month ago, and this tensegrity experience helped me to think of a way to make the clamp for the friction arm. I just thought of this before sleep yesterday. I should really expose myself to more designs and disciplines.
⚫Maria seems to be very tired. She said she longs for a life that is not like this. I hope she can find her way. I think I need to be careful as well. Remember to stay true to myself. Don't fall into a loop and get trapped. It is easy, because once you are in the loop, you won't have the time and energy to find the way out, despite it can be obvious seeing from the outside.