<b>What have I done?</b>
Today, I went to 沙螺灣 for a field trip. I was a participant and helped out recording the whole process.

<b>Notes</b>
⚫Reclmation for the airpot has used up the sand at 沙螺灣, so the beach has completely disappeared. Seawater intrusion became a problem as well. The once famous ricefield disappeared. 
⚫Snake bite treatment - don't do what the movies do (attemping to suck out the poison)
⚫The villagers and tourists like the sculptures - 千里眼+龍
⚫Villagers are trying to restore the farm. They wanted to burn the grass but it was stopped by the flying service. Could sustainable farm be a way out for farms to restore economic activites in this village? (Attract tourists and volunteers)
⚫There are two huge Camphor tree on the hill, which were not chopped down because the Japanese troop once thought they were divine. The villagers chopped down the trees in front of the big trees, so tourists can see clearly.
⚫The stone wall was once used to protect villagers from pirates
⚫One villager once played with dolphins in the sea. More than 10 Indo-Pacific humpback dolphins died from building the airport. Maybe now there are own 30 something left.
⚫One villager once held machine guns (as a kid) that belonged to the English soldiers.
⚫A corol was used as 'a representation of God?'
⚫One villager wants signposts in front of her home, so that people can stop asking her who to get to Tai O.
⚫One villager wants a toilet installed near the pier, so people can stop using the pavilion as a toilet.
⚫One villager wants a bridge connecting the airport and the village, so that transportation is more convenient, but this is not so possible.


<b>What have I learnt?</b>
⚫Many interesting facts.
⚫Economic development destroys old things, old places that are contained with memories and sentiments. Is there really an improvement? Why can't we just keep the old things?
⚫Sabrina - You can use an ipad to create really amazing drawings by traceing photos.
⚫Emma - Being outgoing and able to hold a conversation is really such an amazing ability to have. She said she was super tired afterwards though.
⚫Carrie - Wearing long sleves is probably better because of mosquitos.

<b>Others</b>
⚫I wish I could see the 沙螺灣 35 years ago.
⚫Maybe I want to own a piece of land in the rural part of Hong Kong - farm and create art. However, it is not so impossible to stay away from the giant wheel of economic development? Who knows when would a new airport gets built right next to me?