Learnt a decent amount from this book. The author is a bit too extreme for me though. However his extremeness is kinda suitable for him because his life in the past was really too horrible that should be forgotten. There are things that I want to keep and parts of myself that I don't want to forget.

<b>benefits of being a minimalist</b>
To me, I think the most important advantage being a minimalist is being able to be more independent from the society. I own less, so there is less reliance on products that are made by others, which are traded in using money. I can survive without being part of the 'division of labour' game that big coperates make to exploit common individuals. I don't need to be financially independent by having big money rolling in the bank or the stock market. I can be financially independent by owning less and doing a job that is also my interest.
I will also be able to travel anywhere I want without too much trouble. If I can sleep well on a hard surface, why would I need a hotel room - I just need a tent and a sleeping mat.
Minimalism is also a sustainable way to live, without taking unnecesaries from the nature.
I will also have more time - less time taking care of things that I own and more time to devote into developing myself!
Also I can leave a place quickly in the case of emergency...

<b>Minimalism and design</b>
In the process of design, I always try to keep things minimal. However, this can only be achieved after making things too complicated. In the beginning, there should be as many ideas as possible, and the design should be made as complex as 'needed'. Next, examine what is truly needed and shed the less important. This is not easy. Often times a design requirement turns out not to be a requirement at all after thinking of where it comes from. Even in filling out lyrics, I write a short prose or a short poem, then I pick out the words that contain the essence of the messages or feelings and put them into the lyrics.
I guess life is the same. We try out different things, experience, and people. Then think of why we exist and realise what we truly need. Afterards we shed the unnecessaries. Everything that is left would be too precious to let go. Then we can devote most of our time and energy into these precious things.
I put time in design, and through design, I have learnt about life.

<b> Our information processing ability is the same as the humans 50 thousand years ago</b>
Human beings haven't really evolved since we accquired the ability to change the surrounding to fit our needs, so our bain is an out-dated 'machine' for this modern society that is flooded with information. I guess this is why everytime I smash my phone I feel a sense of freedom - 'I am finally detached from all the ads, the uninteresting instagram posts, and the unnecessary people.' I guess that is also why I don't like messaging. It beaks my concentration and consumes my energy, and I cannot stay fully devoted to important things, say writing a diary or solving a Maths problem.
These days, I muted notifications, deleted Instagram and FB on my phone, and learnt how to ignore messages. I feel so much better.

<b>Items can release signals</b>
I tidied up my room and put everything I don't need under my bed. I still don't think it's really neceassary to throw things away yet.
Afterwards, my mind is so much clearer without items calling for me.

<b>Pain and change</b>
Pain comes from what we want to change. In fact that is why we want to change.
However, we often think a greater pain comes from what we want to change to. This is usually not true. A greater pain might come from the process of changing though.
These days I am training myself to take cold showers and to sleep on hard surfaces. I had never thought that I could successfully form the habit of taking cold showers because I really liked hot showers - in the past I even kept the hot water running on me when putting on shower gel. I did a few attempts to change and they never became long term habits. This time I learnt a trick. Don't just shower cold water on your whole body at once. Start from your feet, then your lower body, then your upper body, then your head. Cold showers are actually so refreshing and painless. Ease the transition, and the pain is eased.

<b>Using outer qualities to show our inner qualities </b>
I don't really do this, but I know some people do. I think this is fine to a certain extent, but some people get confused. So... looking fit doesn't mean you are healthy, having read some difficult books doesn't mean you have wisdom, owning luxuries doesn't mean you are better. Well, people only try to fool if there are fools. Maybe the only thing I can do is to look straight through the outer qualities and stare at the inner qualities, so that they can know all the disguises are useless.
There are some people that their inner qualities just shine through. Some people who are just so beautiful no matter what the physical appearance is. Some people with that aura of confidence that you want to follow them. Some people so genuine that you just trust their words.


<b>Learnt Helplessness</b>
You can't change if you think you can't change. You might be able to change if you think you can change.

<b>Don't rely on determination. Rely on habits</b>
Say you want to study for an exam. If you rely on your determination and push yourself to study hard everyday/ just before the exam. It's painful. However, if you start off easy, form a habit of studying everyday, then slowly increase the intensity and duration of revision sessions, it's not gonna be so painful. The main point is not to make yourself study, but to make yourself want to study. Then it will just be fulfilling what you truly want.

<b>Definition of minimalist</b>
The definition of being a minimalist is to know what you truly need. Throwing away things help you find out what you truly need - you often realise you don't need so much - and you can even feel more happy/fulfilled with less things. Afterwards, keep what you need. If you own a lot, you can still be a minimalist, as long as those things are truly needed.

<b>Know thyself</b>
I feel like most things above just point towards one thing - know thyself. Being a minimalist is to know what you need. Rely on habits and you will learn about your body's response to change. Learnt helplessness is a misjudgement about your ability. Concealing your inner-quality is not knowing its detrimental effect on your bonding with others. Owning too many items is not realising your bain keeps processing unnecessary information.
If you think your true self is being suppressed and is wilting under the weight of others/ the society, you can protect it or find it back. In this book, it says - just throw away things. I would say, you just need to find some time for yourself. Forget about the world, get disconnected with others, and lie on a meadow or by the sea with nothing on you other than clothes. Feel yourself. Feel your inner wants. Feel the forgotten pain. Feel the connection with the nature. Basically, you will only have room for youself if you stopping holding 'others'.

<b>The feeling that you are always connected</b>
I think I don't like the internet because it makes me feel like I am always connected. People can just call me and beak into my life. I think I should start taking walks without a phone with me.

<b>If you have enough wealth to keep you alive in an acceptable standard, what would you do?</b>
I think this is a question to test if the person knows what he/she truly need or want. If the person cannot answer it, it is a sign that the true self is suppressed for too long, long enough that is forgotten. I think some people is even scared to have enough wealth, because they are too lost already.

<b>Why is minimalism getting common in Japan?</b>
In the book, the author says it's partly due to earthquakes. If you don't own much, you can escape easily in the case of emergency. If you don't have large furnitures, they won't collapse and kill you. However, I think the main reason is, having earthquakes makes you reflect upon life.... 

<b>Kindness and hypocritical kindness</b>
The difference between them is just the ability to tell lies/ contain contradictions. You can say people who are kind are just people who feel happy when others are happy, and they are happy when they can offer help. There are hypocrites that don't care if the others are 'truly happy' or 'truly helped'. They just want the the emotional reward. They are able to tell lies to themselves, and contain contradictions within themselves. To acheive this state, they need to constantly avoid looking straight into their own hearts. They need to pass time being occuplied. I think of you, C.


