<b>What have I done?</b>
Morning:
⚫Laser cut curriculum CAD drawing for chessboard
⚫Selected pictures and videos from Lautau trip yesterday to upload on the drive
⚫小木偶參觀 makerbay - I kinda eavesdropped  
Afternoon:
⚫Worked with Maria to make the Makeblock Orion board work with a DC motor
⚫3D printed two tippe tops that didn't manage to spin upside down
⚫Learned a bit of Arduino with the seeedstudio kit - made LED blink
⚫Researched about Arduino controlling a DC motor directly - a motor driver is required
Evening (E-textile):
⚫A participant gave a talk about how a soft gripper can be made using 3D printed mould with silicone gel. The gripper has air tubes embedded so that a syringe can force air inside, afterwhich the volume changes can make the gripper grip.
⚫Kent gave a talk about how Sawtooth API can be connected with RethinkDB and Sensors.
⚫Tried to make Adafruit work, but didn't succeed. 

<b>What have I learnt?</b>
⚫小木偶參觀 - a student said knowing more tools and skills can expand the possiblities of design - I think this is definitely true. I think these days I have seen and learnt so many new skills (even if I didn't master it, I have had a taste), which definitely enables me to make things in different ways. However, I should still keep in mind that I have to design things without over-complicating the design. I have so much to use in my repository, but I should only use the necessary - to make the best and the most simplistic design.
⚫CAD for chessboard is more time consuming than I thought. A design really has to be sketched - in which problems are gonna be revealed.
⚫Learned about the basics of robotics through motor and sensor.
⚫Learnt how to operate the 3d printer in MKB.
⚫Learnt about soft gripper.
⚫Learnt about how blockchain is placed at an earlier stage so that data can be protected form the beginning.


<b>Others</b>
⚫Sleeping quite late today - I really have to learn managing my time better - sacrificing sleep is not sustainable
⚫How can Maria be so busy and still be okay?
⚫Had a run yesterday and my body feels better today.
⚫MKB allows workers to have freedom, but there isn't enough trust?